yeah we're going to probably go about
right here we want to hole right there
absolutely try to dead center split that
post stay about the same height and we
want to hold they're kind of heading
directly towards those posts in
horizontal smack in the center of that
post as you kids
like you're drilling to the other end
line it up
all right enlightening support look at
that pulse between those two any
understand that's why we need to slop
one one of them yeah we're a hammer here
say where where's my hammer all day
there now you can tamp that force
beautiful that's okay tamson awesome
if you put your wire up here and then
down there is you squeeze it together
it's going to push this post that way
and that's going to brace it against the
wire stretching this way Oh
this time we definitely need staples of
both ends we're good again gonna wrap
our mirror around maybe a good sensible
deal would be to start by just putting a
staple in down low I suggest you don't
want it to slip off the staples they fit
this takes a lot of angle and leave it
leave a little bit loose so all its
gonna do is hold it there I think it up
know when you're when you're wrap you
probably want to I think you probably
want to kind of get it going this right
angle as quick as you can that way it's
a lot less likely to loosen up rather
than you know run it along the wire
better with gloves okay another trick
when you go to wrap this what you'd like
to probably do is do kind of like he did
there maybe get your ear wrap in here
but get it at a place where you actually
have to tip it off to the side to get by
this post that way when you get it
wrapped up you can just flip it up here
and it's not going on wine okay so if
you get it about here you want to be a
little ways away from either end I think
but kind of wrap it so that yeah after
you you might have to you know weave it
back and forth to get by
the idea what I'm getting at is once we
get it wrapped up pretty good then we
can swing it over and it's not going to
come on round its going to butt up
against this this brace post here all we
want to do is brace this so as we put
tension on it with one we'll stretch the
wire that it's coming up against
something solid and it's not going to
move not we're not going to end up with
a post that's leaning in here over the
years back that's what we want so that's
probably fine